he grabs the motorcycle superstore
holeshot
he had a motor when earlier he gets a
silver here let's hear it for tie submit
Oh how'd it go out there ty well I'm not
happy I got this one at all or check and
go get something to eat or something but
it went good I got a good start and
about fourth lap and Slater was D was
doing he was right there the whole time
he's keeping me honest to the whole race
and right after he got by me I catch the
triple and he blew by man I just that
couldn't chimp so Oh had a good motto
feel good and strong so I'm to spot I
finished all on the ground and
ladies and gentlemen your first ever
two-stroke class national champion is
Michael Slater there you go yeah it's
high-handed my rear-ended me six
qualifiers in three areas and through
regionals so I knew that he was gonna be
the guy to beat and I kind of looked at
like a mountain bike race just set my
own tempo he was he was faster for sure
I just said a little bit slower tempo
and nothing sustained at the whole moto
and yeah just I'm really excited to my
first Loretta Lynch title and I hope
there's many more to come
you know looking back from guys like
that I aspire to be more like them in
the Moto I mean were you nervous at all
going into it I know you've got so many
things going on down here but at the
same time you knew you pretty much had
to win that's a tall order
oh yeah so nervous really yeah I was
nervous I want to win I came here to win
and I come here to watch my kids win and
and if I didn't come here to win and we
wouldn't come so I'm really excited to
win and you know Tyra was one of my
amateur kids last year and I know what
he's capable of he's one of the hardest
workers out there so it's really it
makes me feel good to be one of the
hardest working kids out there awesome
Boston's gonna be happy about this I go
back to work Monday so what's it you'll
be happy about that now you're back at
work